# Artemis-financial-
Artemis financial security check 
The client Artemis financial provides financial services through software for companies and governments world wide. They needed the their software to be checked for vulnerabilities and ensure the code follows industry standards for secure data transfer. 
Going through the code base I found several security vulnerabilities. When I found these vulnerabilities I made a comment within the code base and documented the security vulnerabilities and a mitigation plan for each one. I also ran a static test to find any vulnerabilities within the dependencies. I used the dependency check report to create a mitigation plan for the discovered vulnerabilities. The dependency check was very helpful because it allowed me to see all the difficult to see vulnerabilities. While there were several vulnerabilities that were easily seen, there is an abundance of vulnerabilities within dependencies that is very difficult to see or even know about because there are so many of them. 
I increased the layers of security by implementing secure data transfer by using the ssl. I created implemented a certificate and implemented a secure socket for the https protocol to work. In the future I would like to use a dependency check to find the vulnerabilities and possibly a way to mitigate the vulnerabilities. 
I made certain that the code was functional by running the program and making sure there was no compile time errors or run time errors. After I refactored the code I ran a second dependency check after mitigating certain security vulnerabilities to ensure that I did not add additional vulnerabilities to the code. 
Within this project I used the spring framework to create RESTful mappings so that I can send requests and get responses at specific URL paths. I will use this to create more backends for websites. It was really fun to learn and surprisingly easy to implement and use. 
I could show future employers my ability to implement the ssl protocol to make a working website backend that uses https to ensure secure data transfer. 
